in Kalama in senior Olivier lui Indira
Tory they do a resorts one and only a
Dubai royale me Raja in wat de palma
well first of all thank you for coming
today we are really very very proud to
to announce the opening of a new baby
called one and only on the pile in Dubai
as you know we have already three
property in Dubai the palace a given
quote and a residence at the Royal
Mirage for the last 12 years and we have
been working on this baby on the path
which is 90 keys and four villas for the
past two years and we opening on the ten
ten ten tens of October next months with
a first guest for the time being rubbing
the first week of November
it's a beautiful property I think it's
unique in Dubai
it's a low-rise it has a sense of place
its Moorish arabesque so ideal for
romantic intimate getaway honeymoon
wedding anniversary it has three
beautiful restaurants it has a marina so
the guests will arrive at a resort by
boat they can take a boat from the
palace to the Palm all from the power to
the power to the palace to go shopping
or golfing or whatever it has a
beautiful spa 2,000 square meters spa
suites only beautiful and free
restaurants very Jet Set very very
trendy music lounge over the water very
romantic I think a no-tell which was
missing in Dubai you have a couple of
hotels small in a desert and this one is
ideal to combine maybe you stay in a
desert and by the beach on the pan or we
have a lot of Italians who love to go
diving they want to go to Egypt they
want to go to Mauritius they want to go
through to the Maldive they want to go
to the seashell
and they can do maybe a twin Center five
six days on the islands and then come
back three days or four days in Dubai
shopping the Sun and the Discovery Dubai
is very exciting it's different its
unique it's a mixture of a Singapore New
York Las Vegas it's it needs to be seen
to be believed
but that property is different from
Dubai Dubai was very big this one is
very small very intimate we also very
close to to Atlantis where we have some
beautiful restaurant Nobu look at Le
Rostow so the guest will stay at the
world only the pan although it's little
island they are five minutes away from
all the activities in Dubai and I think
it's something which is very unique the
great news is Dubai has some we have
some great offers in Dubai because you
have of course the high season and the
summer season which is the lower season
for the opening gift November December
January in February we have a lot of
gifts to give for the first guests to
stay with us
if you stay six nights we are going to
give the visitors the first-time
visitors two nights as a gift over a
six-week stay but if you stay in a
summer you can get some time two nights
or three nights or the complimentary for
one week stays so I believe it's very
important that the guests they contact
the agencies because the agencies are
some beautiful offers we have some diner
on programmes or sometimes some of the
week we include the dining which is a
great added value we also include some
spa treatment that's also a beautiful
added value and also for the guests who
love tennis or golf we have very special
offers from the best golf course in
Dubai so you can play two to two rounds
of golf for the price of one so there
are some very very exciting offers and I
think all the guests should really
contact the travel agents because they
have all the offers that we have and we
have a lot but very interesting in Dubai
I must say with regards to the Italian
markets you have two markets one which
is the honeymoon the wedding anniversary
and that's this is where the palm the
one only on the plan will be fantastic
because it is arabesque Moorish lot of
charm something they would remember it
so it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience
because there's nothing else on the
bottom like this so they will remember I
stayed on the pattern for the family
with with children's the parlor is an
option but not the best option but a
good option because five minutes away
from the water in the farm we have the
aqua venture Atlantis beautifully water
park so for the parents they can sign
the children's all day on the park and
have a great day
or obviously the palace and the ribbon
quote at the y el mirage are still
favorites it's only five minutes away
and this is ideal also for familiar with
childrens palace and the edible court